Anyway, I'm terrible sorry about Chloe now. I had no idea. She would be so
intense
What do you mean? You so should have taken her up on her offer. I mean you guys are just
Power couple
I see what you're doing
Power couple you say more like a disaster waiting to happen
Anyway, shall we take a seat?
actually Brian my
seat is
Really?
She doesn't deserve to sit there. Excuse me. This is my VIP invitation. I
Can sit wherever I like. Hey, what do you think you're doing?
This is signed by old free v piece of Looney screw. Where did you get this?
Who did you have to sleep with? That's enough
This is getting us nowhere
Laura is my guest and I will not tolerate
Any kind of disrespect towards her. Got it?
Mr. Shepherd. What do you see in that woman?
Miss Duke is a perfect match for you. She's from a good family
Beautiful and successful. What more could you ask for? That's a good question
Not much actually
Honesty
That's what I want and love
Things that clearly Chloe has no idea
I said I was sorry
But more do you want? I've watched Chloe grow up. She's like a daughter to me
I want to allow her to you spoken to you like that